We did it, we defeated the T-series, and *Felix's internal demons accounted for 69 million subscribers.
I have never been so proud of it.
I have never really felt respect for you, but you know that damn.
But I just realized that I made a big mistake.
Getting 69 million subscribers is not the most important number
That's right
I am talking about 69696969 subscribers.
with
Cooperation with Takeshi69
Boom
I am with two people.
Boom~Boom~Boom~~~Boom
I am leading this show.
Do you know what 'persona' means?
know
What does 'persona' mean?
* Tekashi 69 confuses fucking for a minute* UAHHHHH
what does that mean?
Silent silence.
Like a beg... just like an act.
Just then we knew we had done it.
That's how I can throw it away.
>> PEWDIEPIE makes a loud sound
Take the live T series.
I do not care! (I am very concerned)
6969696969 million subscribers
Can we click on it?
please.
This will be the last thing I ask you.
Let us jump into the meme guy now.
>> NOTEBLOCKS releases LWIAY / YIAY INTRO SONG.
When pewds reached 69 million and brought back the bonus meme on the same day
You are a man.
Or waman.
Or no matter what you are, there is no discrimination.
Cya, Marzia. :')
When all 7.5 million users feel sad.
So she got as much opinion as the subscriber,
Oh, it looks like she is crying too!
Ayy, uber eats.
I am doing my duty in Bangladesh.
Covering 3 km
>> PEWDIEPIE BREAKS OFF AND LAUGHS
Jesus Christ.
Thank you, we have someone working inside!
awesome!
I have never been as proud as the Indian brothers.
Many people are saying now
It is like an "India Battle T Series"
No!
This has never happened. (maybe a little bit)
This is what we need to do, we need more people to work from the inside
It’s actually very interesting, a friend of mine sent me from London.
This is not from reddit, this is a friend sent to me.
I really appreciate Comic Sans, a great choice.
This is how we win.
Not finished yet
We need to investigate, the T series.
Pewdiepie audience: look at this
Kowaiski, analysis.
I should review and complete it.
Although, brother...
analysis
The perfect balance of the memes will not
Wow, I don't know what to say. I do not know what to say.
The perfect sequel does not exist
0 subscribers specal!
1 Yas!
Dane thanked his first subscriber... his grandmother. :)
>> chuckle
But where is a user specification?
"At least he doesn't use robots."
damn it. Maybe this is what we need to do.
We need to expand this nine-year-old population.
Everyone asks your grandma to subscribe... (rip headset user) right now
If you haven't asked your grandma yet.. I really want to... this video won't continue.
"I hope no one can open this joke."
Yeah*呃* Someone is already joking, actually.
But it is a good one - it is a good
My sister crossed Pewds with a colored pencil and I hope he can see it! <3
* Kiss your fingers like an Italian chef * Beautiful
This is incredible art, but all the places
text? Where does all the information say "subscribe to PewDiePie"? what is this?
Some kind of joke? Don't waste my time...
Buy a small ad space god - * break into laughter*
Seeing this is what I said. You bought a basic local newspaper and published it.
Help pewds become the first one to reach 69 - this is how we reach our goals.
We worked together damn. I'm very proud. I am really proud.
Made some "scorpion lasagna". This actually looks good. Honestly, it looks like a delicious bitch lasagna.
(Please complete the rest of the work) When we reach 69 69 69 69 69 I personally have millions of subscribers
Offer this lasagna activity series smart guys say girls can't
Gamers say girls can't be video games so they can't quote him
I mean yes, just like you have to do it if you do something so obvious
These days, jokes, you can’t just say that girls are not gamers, it doesn’t matter.
It’s a joke, so yes, you got congratulations.
I figured out what you have to do, it makes no sense to turn me into a media.
I am not afraid, please don't please please please turn me into me.
When you saw the baby, I got dear and deleted other people from Spotify.
Keep reloading it is not my fault just letting you know that this is not my fault
It’s obviously not a gentleman who doesn’t care about your sandcastle. Ben Shapiro
If we are the T series, I will bring back the bonus. I am right.
Oh, it does come back, yes, can I say that I am a modest leader?
Modest king, if you do this, I also remember 6-9 6-9 6-9 seconds nine us
Take her to say no, not November, you are not you lost, you are not dear, so you have not
Understand your stupid ball, you are stupid, you are just stupid one or two.
Ok, if you can, this meme comment is epic to get Dr. Phil or LMS or Takeshi 69 or
Almost anyone will have an epic trace of this tracer.
And no one has a follower so anyone can choose to track production.
I feel so much to me, then I will become a trader, I am already a follower, this is the reason for women.
The devil does not exist in the video game, God Satan, okay.
I saw the picture I had to find this video just like Mr.'s series. Beast version
How much do they give you Simon? How much do they pay to do this?
Simon pays you with tea service, I will double
Please Simon, we need more people to work inside the next name I am black and
Hereby tell you this will not be good Peter Pan and by update
Let him say at any time that N is just in the past, what does the word make him now?
In the rich book I hope to see, the second season of panic PewDiePie will soon be fine.
Tried a good try on the T series, but I am not seeing a potential format for it to drop
On his Twitter felix there is a white screen behind him that might be a new memes
The format unique to subreddit is that you are right, I did not expect
When I released it, no, what did I do to upgrade perfectly? My God will never want
Do another Conan O'Brien PD PI Ok, this is a good me, I am willing
Give it another chance to give you a shot and it is a crime.
Because I am not my child's subscriber PewDiePie because he needs our help.
Remove the T series once from YouTube and for everyone it seems to be T
Series and Satan reached an agreement to subscribe so smashed, subscribe
The button rings the notification bell and sprints good news for PewDiePie
Will continue to be the first. If we succeed, I will forgive you all.
Sin, I want to bless valincia and Anisha
Dragging and sending their greetings, Jesus joined the team, now we have no way
Losing the road to conquering people, a legendary world alliance
This is great, everyone works together and makes one
Part of them is part of it is not important. If you are a loser, I will never care.
Leave your computer, but what have you done now?
Finally have a chance to do something meaningful God damn
I found a computer Google account that I worked with and I logged in, so I did it.
One person’s help and smashed Mr. transcript you didn’t play
Bell button, what are you thinking about? I should be grateful now.
Right, I’ve done it, wait, what Romania’s wow, I don’t know them.
Romanian tapes are crazy for everyone. This is a very proud absolute medal.
Thank you, I think I think we and the doctor. If you, Phil needs to feel each other
Do you understand what I mean? Look at PewDiePie, am I not?
I won't judge, but you can give it to him, so he can stay in the first place and you are second.
The person who said this to me, Lord, then the subscription is no longer
That's hard, really not so hard. It looks like a tag to play with oh tags.
These days are another child, my god is strange.
Why mark you can't just walk around and steal books
I hope that I see that is great. How do you know that she is white? We have created history.
69 million you are damn we did but have not finished yet
We are so close, damn, I am too close, can taste it, go there and tell you
Grandma, do your best, thank you for watching this video, thank you all.
Memes and thank everyone for the amazing support, but the most important thing is thank you
You have 69 million users of your job
So here is okay, okay, go ahead, outro, please.